12: Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare; he only eats unicorns.
17: Chuck Norris uses a Gatling gun as an egg whisk.
39: Dont waste your time. Die from Chuck Norris! :D
45: Chuck Norris uses wasabi as toothpaste.
2: If Chuck Norris dies, he doesn't randomly go to heaven or hell. He decides if to go to heaven or hell.
24: Chuck Norris once won The Indianapolis 500 while driving bulldozer in reverse.
6: Errol Flynn once tried to grow a Chuck Norris beard. Which of course is why he died such a brutally violent death.
4: When Chuck Norris was a kid they used to call him "Chucky the devil's doll"
8: Chuck Norris invented the bolt-action rifle, liquor, sexual intercourse, and football-- in that order.
10: Chuck Norris CAN eat just one lay chip
3: Chuck Norris' giantic hemorrhoids smell like a potpourri sachet.
0: When Chuck Norris points a gun at you you're actually safer
13: Chuck Norris made a set of boxing speed bags out of Abe Vigoda's earlobes.
15: Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked is as likely as seeing a vampire with a suntan.
43: when you split an atom, inside it says OWNED BY CHUCK NORRIS
5: Everything King Midas touches turnes to gold. Everything Chuck Norris touches turns up dead.
26: Chuck Norris can shave with cardboard and toothpaste
42: While in grade school, it has been documented that Chuck Norris once injured eighteen students and two lunch monitors in a five minute game of hide and seek. No one knew that when Chuck Norris hides, he can never be found, and when Chuck Norris seeks, he does so with brutal vengeance.
9: Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger. By yelling "Bang!"
14: Chuck Norris' dinner guests often throw up in their mouths, to savor his fine cooking all over again.
1: Chuck Norris was at a drugstore recently and mistaken for an employee. A lady asked "do you have cotton balls"? Chuck replied "no ma'am, mine are solid meat".
22: Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
16: As a toddler, little Chuck Norris would cut the paper into star shapes with a pair of hedge clippers.
29: Helen Keler's favorite color is Chuck Norris
19: Water boils faster when Chuck Norris is watching it.
21: When Chuck Norris was 5, he went to the Mall to see Santa. Santa asked "what would you like little boy, a train set? A bike? Chuck replied "no Santa, I want a rocket launcher".
20: Chuck Norris' Penis is a third degree blackbelt, and an honorable 32nd-degree mason.
18: the movie "contagion" is a movie about what would happen if Chuck Norris ever to sneezed.
28: Chuck Norris has a gentle side and it has only killed 100 ninjas.
52: Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a man in a wheelchair in the ground people dug that fossil up it is now a handicap parking sign but really it is a warning that Chuck is coming
23: Chuck Norris has never made the same mistake twice because if he made a mistake and didn't actually kill you the first time, he'll go back in time and actually kill you 2 minutes before he tried to the first time.
36: Chuck Norris is who started the fire in that Billy Joel song.
51: Yesterday, while on his way to Wal*Mart, Chuck Norris ran a stop sign...up Steven Seagal's ass.
56: Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.
25: Chuck Norris' middle name is 'Eywa'.
32: Iraq didnot crash the planes on 9-11 the pilots saw Chuck Norris killed them self
7: Chuck Norris looked at a grayard and said what have i done
11: Chuck Norris once won a staredown over a walkie talkie.
57: Michael Phelps currently holds the record for most Olympic gold medals in a single Games with 8. That record will be broken in 2012, when Chuck Norris wins 22.
34: There is no Ninja Turtle cereal because eating ninjas for breakfast is a copyright of Chuck Norris.
65: Before Chuck Norris was born, the martial arts weapons with two wooden rods attached to a chain were originally called Nunwaldos. Nobody knows what happened to Waldo but they are still looking for him.
44: Chuck Norris can drown a fish
30: Chuck Norris can arm wrestle with both hands tied behind his back.
67: Chuck Norris loves to eat puffer fish.
66: Chuck Norris once glared at someone and the guys heart jump out of his chest out of fear. it didn't get far before Chuck Norris grabbed it and ate it. the only thing scarier than Chuck Norris glaring at you is him smiling while in the middle of a round house kick
46: Chuck Norris' dinner guests often throw up in their mouths, to savor his fine cooking all over again.
71: I'm making a game called Ultra Smash Flash. Chuck Norris will be playable. And Kirby can use his roundhouse kick. Also, the Chaos Emeralds will be transformational items. When Chuck Norris gets 7, his power is STILL less than 1% of his real life counterpart. Makes sense, right? Quality, NOT quantity? NOPE. Quality AND quantity! Let's do this!
38: Chuck Norris is the answer to all your problems.
63: Chuck Norris' slinky goes UP the stairs.
27: Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano
35: Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
31: Chuck Norris can beat Arnie in an Arnold Schwarzenegger Impersonation contest.
49: Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity...... Chuck Norris got back!
41: Don't make fun of Chuck Norris, or you will feel the wrath of his beard and the fist behind it.
59: Chuck Norris has a blood pressure reading of zero over zero,nothing puts Chuck under pressure.
73: Chuck Norris's parents used police bullet proof vests to make his diapers.
40: Chuck Norris organised a weekend trip .... for 5 days
64: Chuck Norris once thought that he a hemorrhoid on his asshole. When it fell off, he discovered is was actually a huge tick that died from blood poisoning.
50: If Chuck Norris wanted you dead, he'd kick you so hard that the force causes your body to accelerate past light speed, tear open the fabric of space time, and your corpse go back in time and kill your past self, thus erasing your existence from the entire universe.
33: The number pi isn't really infinite.Chuck Norris just hasn't told it to stop yet.
75: Chuck Norris can check his stock in the stock market with a playboy magazine.
47: Chuck Norris was out for a hike when he came face to face with a Grizzly Bear. Witnesses say after screaming loudly, the bear ran whimpering into the woods.
77: Chuck Norris can't use Twitter, because he is doing everything, everywhere, all the time. It would break the Internet.
37: Google queries Chuck Norris' brain for search results.
79: People say it's better to lucky than good. Chuck Norris doesn't believe in luck. He's good at everything.
48: along time ago Chuck Norris met an Asian kid also named Chuck Norris. Not pleased with there being another Chuck Norris so he punched him so hard the name on the the Asian kid's birth certificate changed to Bruce Lee.
53: Chuck Norris did it with Kim kardashion so hard that she secretly grew a dick
80: Have you ever heard of the time when Chuck Norris lost a fight.........that's right.........no you haven't
78: Chuck Norris never gets a flu shot. The flu virus would die a horrible, screaming death if it ever tried to invade Chuck Norris.
74: When Chuck Norris goes swimming, Jaws hears the scary music
68: You bet your ass Chuck Norris' penny-farthing is the size of a goddamn ferris wheel
76: Chuck Norris knows the identity of the Navy Seal's that killed Osama bin Laden it is something that even President Obama does not know or will ever know.
61: Chuck Norris overpassed the speed of light.
81: Do you know why Chuck Norris doesn't have hair on his balls.....?????......????? because hair doesn't grow on steel!
82: You better watch out, you better not cry; you better not pout, I'm telling you why - Chuck Norris is coming to kill you. And have sex with every female member of your family.
62: When Batman's in trouble, he uses the Chuck Norris symbol.
86: In the 80's, Chuck Norris wore what stylists referred to as 'a Fuck-You Mullet'.
90: The city of Atlantis was a thriving one until the day its leader insulted Chuck Norris.
84: There are many people in this old world that have had an eyeball knocked out of one of their eye sockets because they say that they didn't see a Chuck Norris roundhouse coming. They all say that they have learned a valuable lesson & from now on they'll always keep an eye out for Chuck Norris.
58: Chuck Norris is the only person who owns TWO Birthday Suits
69: Chuck Norris defies the laws of physics
70: Chuck Norris can scramble eggs with your face. Then unscramble them with his chest hair. Then fry them overeasy after flattening your hands by slamming his testicles on them. And then use your hands as a spatula to flip the eggs.
87: We all need somebody to lean on. Except for CHuck Norris.
54: Chuck Norris once bet NASA he could survive reentry without a spacesuit. On July 19, 1999, a naked Chuck Norris reentered the earth's atmosphere, streaking over 14 states and reaching a temperature of 3,000 degrees. An embarrassed NASA publicly claimed it was a meteor, and still owes him a beer.
88: Chuck Norris can detect gravitational waves with his penis.
83: Chuck Norris has 3 birthdays a year
55: Chuck Norris baths in acid because its the only thing strong enough to clean him.
89: Women that work in an office with Chuck Norris, soon learn not ask him for his 3 hole punch.
95: Chuck Norris can take selfies of other people
85: One of the main reasons there are so many mean fifth graders in the world today is because Chuck Norris stopped punching bad guys in the dick a decade ago.
60: Once upon a time, Chuck Norris lives happily ever after
92: Chuck Norris's car drives over 9000 miles and never crashes.
96: Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you around the world.
72: Back in 1940, when Chuck Norris was a baby, he didn't suck his mother's breast. His mother served him whiskey. That is how he grew muscles on his 1st birthday.
94: Contrary to popular belief, Do Re Mi Fa So La and Ti are not the only sounds in music, there are 300 more, but those frequecies are reserved by the FCC for Chuck Norris.
98: Chuck Norris once received an 'employee of the month' award for a company he didn't even work for.
91: Whenever Chuck Norris moves from point A to point B, the Jaws music plays, and no one has been able to figure out where it's coming from.
97: Chuck Norris once got an A+ for eating his essay and calling his 7th Grade teacher a pussy.
99: Chuck Norris threw a fit once. It took God six days and seven nights to fix the damage.
93: Its called the Chuck Norris roundhouse kick because it's delivered by Chuck Norris and when it strikes you, your head spins around and then you fly into a house.
